{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\begin\{thebibliography\}\{9\}\
\\bibitem\{hourdin\} Talagrand, O., Hourdin, F., Forget, F. The LMD Martian General Circulation Model: Results About the Annual Pressure Cycle\
\\bibitem\{lask\} Laskar, J., Correia, A. C. M., Gastineau, M. (2004) Long term evolution and chaotic diffusion of the insolation quantities of Mars, Icarus, 170, 343-364.\
\
\\bibitem\{gcm\} Forget, F., Hourdin, F., Fournier et al. (1999) Improved general circulation models of the Martian atmosphere from the surface to above 80 km, J., Geophys. Res., 104, 24, 155-24,176.\
\
\\bibitem\{forget\} Forget, F., Harberle, R. M., Montmession, F., Levrard, B., and Head, J. W. (2006) Formation of Glaciers on Mars by Atmospheric Precipitation at High Obliquity, Science, 311, 368-371.\
 \
\\bibitem\{tanguy\} T. Bertrand and F. Forget. Observed glacier and volatile distribution on Pluto from atmosphere-topography processes. Nature, 987,(2016)\
\\bibitem\{tanguy2\} Bertrand et al. The nitrogen cycles on Pluto over seasonal and astronomical timescales Icarus 309, 277-296 (2018).\
\\bibitem\{krev\} Krevlavsky, M. A. and Head, J. W. (2005) Mars at very low obliquity: Atmospheric collapse and the fate of volatiles. Geophys. Res. Lett., 32, 12202.\
\\bibitem\{krev2\} Krevlavsky, M. A. and Head, J. W. (2011) Carbon dioxide glaciers on Mars: Products of recent low obliquity epochs?, Icarus, 216, 111-115.\
\
\\bibitem\{bierson\} Bierson, C. J., Phillips, R. J., Smith, I. B., Wood, S. E., Putzig, N. E., Numes, D., Byrne, S. Stratigraphy and evolution of the buried CO\\(_2\\) deposit in the Martian south polar cap. Geophysical Research Letters 43, 4172-4179 (2016)\
\\bibitem\{phillips\} Phillips et al. Massive CO2 Ice Deposit Sequestered in the South Polar Layered\
Deposits of Mars, Science, 332, 838-(2011).\
\\bibitem\{forget2\} Forget et al. Recent Climate Variations, Cambridge  University Press, 464-496 (2017)\
\\bibitem\{forget3\} Forget et al. Non condensable gas enrichment and depletion in the Martian polar regions, Third Workshop on Mars Modeling and Observations (2008)\
\\bibitem\{forget4\} Forget et al. CO2 snowfall on Mars: Simulation with a General Circulation Model, Icarus 131, 302-316\
\\bibitem\{aharonson\} Aharonson, O., Schorghofer, N. Subsurface ice on Mars with rough topography, Geophys. Res., 111, E11007\
\\bibitem\{spiga\} Spiga, A, Forget, F (2008) Fast and accurate estimation of solar irradiance on Martian slopes, Geophys. Res., 35\
\
\\end\{thebibliography\}\
}